---
title: 'Relearn Mathematics and other subjects'
date: 2023-11-05
permalink: /posts/2023/11/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - learning
  - chatgpt
  - mathematics
---

Thi is 

{% include base_path %}

The truth that I learned after 2019
======
* The real world is not as simple as the textbook.
* 
* 
2019, the year of changing my life. That was the first time that I know Google, Youtube and other stuff outside the Great Firewall of China.

How ridiculous it is that there are still hundreds of millions of people in China who are still living without knowing the most powerful tools in the world.

I am not a genius, but I am not stupid. I am just a normal person who is willing to learn and work hard. I start to realize how many rights I have lost in the past 20+ years. Thanks to the real Internet, I start to understand why rich people in China are passionate to send their children to study abroad. The professors, the managers, the leaders, the elites, the rich people, they all know the truth. They just don't want you to know it.

2021, when I finally graduated from USTC with a master's degree, I decided to learn abroad and explore more about the world. I started to learn English, programming, finance, and other stuff.

2022, I made a plan,  --relearn everything.


Why I want to relearn everything?
======
* I want to know the truth. A lot of stuff that I learned from here is partial, biased, and even wrong. 
* Our learning method has problems. Teachers always ask us to write the answer, but they don't encourage us to think about why.

Chinese learning culture has two problems. No speech freedom and No why.
* We don't has speech freedom. So people who knows the truth are not willing to tell us the truth. 
* We are not encouraged to ask questions. We are not encouraged to think about why. We are not encouraged to challenge the authorities.

For example:
why there is world war 1 
Because the British Empire and France is afraid of the rise of Germany. The cake is not big enough for everyone. Old empires are afraid of new empires.

who made world war happen?
The British Empire, France, Russia, and the United States. They are the winners of world war 1. They are the ones who wrote the history. They are the ones who told us the truth.

why there is world war 2? 
Because the treaty of Versailles at the ends of world war 1
is unfair to Germany. Lots of people wanna vengeance. You killed my people, I wanna kill your people.
> Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth. Limb for a limb. Life for a life. Forever and ever.

U.S. learned it from that, so after world war 2, they made a lot of efforts to rebuild the Europe, help Germany and Japan to recover. They don't want to make the same mistake again. 


